After completing the assignment, please answer the questions in this text file and submit it to I-Learn.

1. Project Title / One sentence description:

EzFin Dashboard
The purpose is to show graphs and figures with cashflow and spends by category from the financial data stored in the project from the first semester.

2. Copy and paste the URL for your web application (if applicable):

https://serene-dawn-76163.herokuapp.com/

3. Copy and paste the URL for your source code repository (e.g., GitHub):

https://github.com/rasputtim/cs313ezfinGraph.git

4. Describe the functionality that is currently working, along with any special instructions of how to use your web application:

The dashboard is working. Showing graphs by category and cashflow, and using same data added by the Ezfin application (1st semester).
the login is working, using the same password created by the PHP system of the first semester.
The session control is working (login, logout, persistence)

1 - The Database Layer is working
2 - The AJAX interface is Working

instrucions:

The username: admin
password: 123456

to use:
	1 - login
	2 - go to the option Dashboard->cashflow.
	3- Select the period and categorries in the left menu and click get graph.  (AJAX)
	4 - The selected graph will be shown in the screen.


5. Describe the features that are not yet working correctly.

everything is working

6. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment: 5
1 - Some attempt was made
2 - Developing, but significantly deficient
3 - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
4 - Meets requirements
5 - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements


7. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.

I had to be creative to avoid the callback Hell. Use async module to perform several database connections at same time.
besides the use of bootstrap to have a good looking application in the client side.

8. Please list any questions you have for the instructor regarding this assignment or this week's topic.
